Expand description on "save layer as" dialog (#4008)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/managing_data_source/create_layers.rst

behavior when saving the layer. Among the common parameters for raster and vector
are:

* :guilabel:`File name`: the location of the file on the disk. It can refer to

>   the output layer or to a container that would store the layer (in case for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the output layer or to a container that would store the layer (for
```

>   example of database-like files such as GeoPackage, SpatiaLite, Open Document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  example database-like formats such as GeoPackage, SpatiaLite and Open Document
```

>   Spreadsheets... formats)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Spreadsheets)
```

Author: Would that still mean the list is not exhaustive?

Reviewer: It does not claim to be exhaustive.

* :guilabel:`Format`: exports to any vector format GDAL can write to, such as
  GeoPackage, ESRI Shapefile, AutoCAD DXF, ESRI FileGDB, Mapinfo TAB or MIF,
  SpatiaLite, CSV, KML, ODS...
* :guilabel:`Layer name`: available when the :guilabel:`File name` refers to a

>   container-like file, this entry represents the output layer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  container-like format, this entry represents the output layer
```

.. note:: *OGR Feature Styles* are a way to store style directly in
     the data as a hidden attribute. Only some formats can handle this kind of
     information. KML, DXF and TAB file formats are such formats. For advanced

>      details, you can read the `OGR Feature Styles specification

Reviewer: details -> options?

Author: Since we do not describe any option of this feature, we can't point to advanced ones. The initial text refers to advanced users (which i found unnecessary excluding and not clear targets) though I think we should put the focus on what the link provides, ie details (or options) of this feature, that can be accessible to any user.

Reviewer: "details" is fine.  An alternative is "choices".
